explain chatmail unencrypted restriction on get.delta.chat (#794)
deltachat/deltachat-pages: en/download.md

downloads: true
---

## ❷ Get an Account

> You can use (almost) any email account with Delta Chat.

Reviewer: maybe a good place to link the provider db?

If you need a new one,
tap or scan this QR code
to get a random [@nine.testrun.org](https://nine.testrun.org) email address:

[![dcaccount:https://nine.testrun.org/cgi-bin/newemail.py](../assets/blog/nine-invite-qrcode.png)](dcaccount:https://nine.testrun.org/cgi-bin/newemail.py)

## ❸ Enter a Username and Meet Your Friends

Now you can enter a username,
select a profile picture,

> and chat with your friends.
> **NOTE:** with a [@nine.testrun.org](https://nine.testrun.org/info.html) account
> you can't send unencrypted messages
> to users on other servers;
> meet them and verify them by [scanning QR codes](help#howtoe2ee)
> or ask them to send a message to you first.
> 
> ![An iOS user scanning a QR code on someone else's phone.](../assets/blog/2023-11-qr-scan.jpg)

Reviewer 2: i would tune down the limitation and make them less negative. also, by having a separate paragraph, we can easily remove if if 1.44 is released and a good error message is everywhere.

```suggestion
and connect with your friends by by [scanning QR codes](help#howtoe2ee).

![An iOS user scanning a QR code on someone else's phone.](../assets/blog/2023-11-qr-scan.jpg)

Note: @nine.testrun.org accounts block un-encrypted messages to recipients on other servers
but setting up contact via [QR codes](help#howtoe2ee) allows your messages to pass freely to any outside recipients.
```

> and chat with your friends.
> **NOTE:** with a [@nine.testrun.org](https://nine.testrun.org/info.html) account
> you can't send unencrypted messages
> to users on other servers;
> meet them and verify them by [scanning QR codes](help#howtoe2ee)
> or ask them to send a message to you first.
> 
> ![An iOS user scanning a QR code on someone else's phone.](../assets/blog/2023-11-qr-scan.jpg)

Reviewer 2: i would tune down the limitation and make them less negative. also, by having a separate paragraph, we can easily remove if if 1.44 is released and a good error message is everywhere.

```suggestion
and connect with your friends by by [scanning QR codes](help#howtoe2ee).

![An iOS user scanning a QR code on someone else's phone.](../assets/blog/2023-11-qr-scan.jpg)

Note: @nine.testrun.org accounts block un-encrypted messages to recipients on other servers
but setting up contact via [QR codes](help#howtoe2ee) allows your messages to pass freely to any outside recipients.
```
